hi I'm Justin Prince formerly known as
gamer 360 sports back in july two
thousand thirteen i decided to take a
break from youtube and to make it
permanent well i just changed my mind
it's december 24 2013 the day before
Christmas it's time to come back and to
hit every video out of the ballpark when
I first decided not to come back I was
still terrible at videos my voice was
still terrible and the quality was
terrible now with the journalism program
i started in September 2013 and I've
just finished the first semester of I'm
all set to hit every video of the
ballpark but not on this channel it's
time to store up a new channel Justin
Prince sports this new channel will be
different it's a hundred percent
next-gen footage as on this channel you
will be seen videos from the xbox one
and the PlayStation 4 the two newest
consoles on the market you'll be seen
madden 25 fifa 14 in a bunch of other
videos these consoles are the latest
consoles to come out and you may be
wondering how am I going to make
on these new consoles for I got the
elgato game in HD and this will make my
videos out of the ballpark like I'm
Kalama state but you don't believe me
here's a sneak peek for about a minute
on everything you need to know that's
going to be on this new channel
in college football some stories just
write themselves Bobby Torino relegation
it's one of the worst things that can
happen to a team it's gonna be picked up
by Northampton slots knocked over
there's no call and here is the door
after make it three nil with the 10th
pick in the 2015 NFL draft the New
England Patriots select Bobby Torino
over back Georgia Tech your sis now
trail backing up to 12 he finds Smith
inside the five touchdown patriots in
soccer or football i should say
relegation separates the top teams in
the sport from the weakest and welcome
back to six field stadium it's currently
two nil sailfin United us right now
Northampton needs a miracle here's the
snap to
is going to back up it's a screenplay
and Marines got some blocks another good
walk down the field to the 14th or T
down to the 22-member mrs. end zone
punch down page
minutes is going to be another shot and
nurse the goal self and gets it in again
it's for new
you